ref(onpremise): Point people to the latest release (#2069)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/index.md

- New to Sentry? Have a look at [_Getting Started_](/error-reporting/quickstart/).
- No account yet? You can sign up for one at [sentry.io](https://sentry.io/signup/).
- Stuck? Feel free to contact [Support](/support/).

> - Self-hosting the Sentry server? See [_On-Premise Installation_](https://github.com/getsentry/onpremise/releases/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Self-hosting the Sentry server? See [our documentation for On-Premise Installations](https://github.com/getsentry/onpremise/releases/latest).
```
